---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/01-00-about/","created":"2024-08-14T09:35:42.957-04:00","updated":"2024-08-26T09:22:36.982-04:00"}
---

Welcome to this community guide for the Greater Lafayette area! This is an independently curated guide, not officially endorsed by any organizations or governments, and as such opinions may be included.
# About Me
My name is Pritesh Patel - I was born and raised here in West Lafayette and have lived for the past 3+ decades here. I attended Purdue for my undergrad and received my BS in Aeronautical & Astronautical Engineering. 

My family currently resides here as well and are in the hospitality industry while I currently work in the aerospace field as a Program Manager. I also served as President for four years at the Bharatiya Temple & Cultural Center of Greater Lafayette.
# Why I Started This
Growing up in the hospitality industry I would see every year the influx of new students and always hear some of the same questions with no easy place of reference to point them to. Perusing social media I also see a lot of the same questions from people moving here.

I decided to break this guide up into areas covering:
1) Purdue specific information
2) Information specific to international people moving to the area
3) General community and life information for the area
# How you can help
This is an ever evolving guide, as times change information will also change. You can help by contributing topic ideas for what would have helped you in moving to the area. If there is a topic you are knowledgeable about you could also help by writing a guide on that. Get in touch with me at communityguide@priteshjpatel.com

Help support the continuation and hosting of this guide by [buying me a coffee](https://buymeacoffee.com/priteshjpatel).

---
*This page last updated Aug 25, 2024*